fixStackOverflowErrorWhenSerializingCosmosDiagnostics (#40272)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-java: sdk/cosmos/azure-cosmos/CHANGELOG.md

#### Breaking Changes

#### Bugs Fixed

> * Fixed an issue where `StackOverflowError` can happen when using default `ObjectMapper` to serialize `CosmosDiagnostics` - See[PR 40272](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/pull/40272)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed a rare issue causing `StackOverflowError` when `RntbdRequestRecord` expires and tries to serialize `CosmosException` using default Jackson Object Mapper - See[PR 40272](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/pull/40272)
```
